Add Example.md file in ServiceNow Connector (#1291)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/servicenow-connector/settingup-servicenow-instance.md

# Setting up the ServiceNow Instance

The ServiceNow connector allows you to access the ServiceNow REST API of through WSO2 EI. To use the REST API, we need to have a [Servicenow](https://www.servicenow.com/) account. 

> ## Signing Up for Servicenow

Reviewer: There is some inconsistency here. Shall we call it "ServiceNow" everywhere?

Author: Done

1. Visit [Servicenow](https://www.servicenow.com/) site and sign up for an account and do the verification step. 

>   <img src="/assets/img/connectors/servicenow-1.png" title="Creating Servicenow ID" width="800" alt="Creating Servicenow ID"/>

Reviewer: There are too many screenshots in this sequence of steps. Let's remove all non-essential ones, especially those describing navigation and UI.

Author: Removed

> 2. Now you need to create an instance. To do that visit [Servicenow Developer account](https://developer.servicenow.com/dev.do) with the credentials you obtain at step1. Click on **Request Instance** button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Now you need to create an instance. To do that visit [Servicenow Developer account](https://developer.servicenow.com/dev.do) with the credentials you obtained when following the previous step. Click on the **Request Instance** button. 
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/servicenow-2.png" title="Login to Developer Account" width="800" alt="Login to Developer Account"/>

> 3. Once you reach to **Request an Instance** page, you can choose your release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once you reach the **Request an Instance** page, you can choose your release. 
```
What do we mean by "release" here? Can we add more clarification?

Author: Added

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/servicenow-3.png" title="Choose the release" width="800" alt="Choose the release"/>

> 4. After few seconds, you will be popped up instance details and note them down. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You will receive the instance details. Make a note of this for future reference. 
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/servicenow-4.png" title="Instance Details" width="800" alt="Instance Details"/>

> 5. Login to the instance URL provided in step 4 with the credentials provided. At this step you need to change the password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Log in to the instance URL provided in step 4 with the credentials provided. At this point you need to change your password. 
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/servicenow-4.png" title="Instance Details" width="800" alt="Instance Details"/>

> 6. With the changed password you can login again to the instance, and you will be redirected to the Dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. With the changed password, you can log in again to the instance and you will be redirected to the Dashboard. 
```

Author: Done
